README.md, before:

# Sass for TextMate/Sublime Text 2

## TextMate Installation

### With git

    mkdir -p ~/Library/Application\ Support/TextMate/Bundles/
    cd ~/Library/Application\ Support/TextMate/Bundles/
    git clone https://github.com/nathos/sass-textmate-bundle.git Sass.tmbundle
    osascript -e 'tell app "TextMate" to reload bundles'

### Without git
    mkdir -p ~/Library/Application\ Support/TextMate/Bundles
    cd ~/Library/Application\ Support/TextMate/Bundles
    mkdir sass-textmate-bundle.tmbundle && curl -L https://github.com/nathos/sass-textmate-bundle/tarball/master | tar xz --strip 1 -C sass-textmate-bundle.tmbundle
    osascript -e 'tell app "TextMate" to reload bundles'

## About & Credit
This was originally a fork of <https://github.com/seaofclouds/sass-textmate-bundle>, and includes the best contributions of people [throughout the network](https://github.com/nathos/sass-textmate-bundle/network).

Features include imprpoved syntax highlighting, [Zen Coding](http://code.google.com/p/zen-coding/)-style property autocompletion, and more.

Commit message:

Updated README.md to mention Sublime Text installation method.

README.md, after:

# Sass for TextMate/Sublime Text 2

## What's this thingie?

This add-on adds syntax highlighting and tab/code completion for Sass and SCSS files. It features [Zen Coding](http://code.google.com/p/zen-coding/) shortcuts for many CSS properties, making you look like some kind of stylesheet wizard to everyone around you. You've got to like that.

## TextMate Installation

### With git

    mkdir -p ~/Library/Application\ Support/TextMate/Bundles/
    cd ~/Library/Application\ Support/TextMate/Bundles/
    git clone https://github.com/nathos/sass-textmate-bundle.git Sass.tmbundle
    osascript -e 'tell app "TextMate" to reload bundles'

### Without git
    mkdir -p ~/Library/Application\ Support/TextMate/Bundles
    cd ~/Library/Application\ Support/TextMate/Bundles
    mkdir sass-textmate-bundle.tmbundle && curl -L https://github.com/nathos/sass-textmate-bundle/tarball/master | tar xz --strip 1 -C sass-textmate-bundle.tmbundle
    osascript -e 'tell app "TextMate" to reload bundles'

## Sublime Text 2 Installation

### With Sublime Package Control

I recommend using the excellent [Sublime Package Control](http://wbond.net/sublime_packages/package_control) to install Sublime Text 2 packages.

Once you have Package Control installed, activate your Command Palette and choose ```Package Control: Install Package```.

Then, search for **"Sass"** and press Enter. In mere moments you'll be up and running with full syntax highlighting, tab completion and more. Huzzah!

## About & Credit
This was originally a fork of <https://github.com/seaofclouds/sass-textmate-bundle>, and includes the best contributions of people [throughout the network](https://github.com/nathos/sass-textmate-bundle/network).

Features include imprpoved syntax highlighting, [Zen Coding](http://code.google.com/p/zen-coding/)-style property autocompletion, and more.
